good shepherd okay look at their hands
or anything in there no we're going to
take these scarves we're going to hold
up you're going to tell her what color
it is don't put in the bag then we're
going to say some magic words and we're
going to turn these into high numbers
colored numbers that would be fun okay
you guys are good shake them are they
all in there okay now I want you to say
Jubilee Jubilee good job you reach in
there wow I don't do things in order
there's our green three can you put it
back in that bag there anything in there
with him numbers we're gonna have to
change him back into scarf today yeah is
there anything sugar buzz in their
numbers where you can change those
numbers back into scarves he's not going
to need a later for another trick so can
you say Jubilee jewelry what's the rest
of it
do you believe you good job oh wow yeah
good job we're going to take this is
there anything in your you get your
tongue is already doing here I